percent
Dr as
young artists show a whole new page of book art
the London-based art historian Christina and three years
For about three years he has been researching this still relatively unknown chapter of the
art
and has a book about it
a retrospective
from around 50 contemporary art artists of different
but he is currently interested in many young artists especially for that
Format and structure of books with hereditary just have a scary
great symbolism and I believe the book art is currently really on
rediscovered in a contemporary way
m
a oil rig action on the church stalls in Newcastle in the northeast
England's British artist Live in the morning came across the writing
art
the writer is no longer the traditional one and makes it
She has already done the elaborate installations several times in the UK
broadcast
meanwhile there are inquiries from galleries all over Europe
it is the first real test de
it is true shares you enter the room you are surprised
since one does not know that the books are for the last installation have the
a total of over 1000 200 books folded
Photo is indeed found, said Kaltner
Chef de / is
People look at this when they realize they are books
Do you want to unfold them again not far away in the
Change NLP
The books get the most in the morning from libraries and locals
played
The artist is particularly inspired by the Japanese
Paperfolding
for their structures use simple techniques of traditional craft
the reactions to their art are very different
90 Renz additionally was already at home with friends at the moment was said
that - away from the shelves and that's okay
I need books that I would never destroy, for example
children's Books
they are sacred to me
Pabst on the one hand, people are shocked
but on the other hand also fascinated by this idea at Chur 12 the critics
be in 20 more
Every artist in London has Jonathan
No
his books are bought in boxes at flea markets
Bucher for about 20 years makes the Brit Kuntz with and can throw out
v
his sculptures are in galleries
now in the US and Europe
meanwhile he can live on his book Art
become
at the festival
For me, all sorts of aspects from books are interesting both
actual content as well as the material
in the books because sometimes understand the stone is not blowing
do it with books
by Dutch artist Yoko Ono Warren Style Actions of
Spanish artist perceived nationally and a huge market
More and more book artworks are available in galleries and public spaces worldwide
see
the fascination with books despite or because of the developments of the
digital media has not subsided
England certainly has something to do with the infection of the Inbox but also with
the return to the craft of blood donation I believe the book is
not dead yet we are in a transition phase and fans of the
Honor killing rescued percent